feat: opt-in Jackson DEDUCTION for discriminator-less inline oneOf (#587)
cjbooms/fabrikt: README.md

 - GraalVM Native Reflection Registration
 - Json Merge Patch (via `JsonNullable`) (add `x-json-merge-patch: true` to schemas)
 - Override Jackson Include NonNull (via `JsonInclude`) (add `x-jackson-include-non-null: true` to schemas)

>  - Type discriminator-less inline `oneOf` properties as the sealed super-interface using Jackson's deduction-based polymorphism (add `x-jackson-subtype-deduction: true` to the `oneOf` schema; subtypes need distinguishing required fields)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Jackson's polymorphic subtype deduction (add `x-jackson-subtype-deduction: true` to the `oneOf` schema) to gain Sealed Interface polymorphism, without needing to declare a discriminator property. Requires subtypes to have distinguishing required fields.
```
